docs: Add docs for use_callback, use_ref, hooks overview page (#1012)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/hooks/use_callback.md

# use_callback

`use_callback` is a hook that memoizes a callback function, returning the same callback function on subsequent renders when the dependencies have not changed. This is useful when passing callbacks to functions or components that rely on reference equality to prevent unnecessary re-renders or effects from firing.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui
import time

@ui.component
def ui_server():
    theme, set_theme = ui.use_state("red")

    create_server = ui.use_callback(lambda: {"host": "localhost"}, [])

    def connect():
        server = create_server()
        print(f"Connecting to {server}")
        time.sleep(0.5)

    ui.use_effect(connect, [create_server])

    return ui.view(
        ui.picker(
            "red",
            "orange",
            "yellow",
            label="Theme",
            selected_key=theme,
            on_change=set_theme,
        ),
        padding="size-100",
        background_color=theme,
    )

my_server = ui_server()
```

> In the example above, the `create_server` callback is memoized using `use_callback`. The `connect` function is then passed to [`use_effect`](./use_effect.md) with `create_server` as a dependency. This ensures that the effect will not be triggered on every re-render because the `create_server` callback is memoized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, `use_callback` memoizes the `create_server` callback. The `connect` function is then passed to [`use_effect`](./use_effect.md) with `create_server` as a dependency. This ensures the effect will not be triggered on every re-render because the `create_server` callback is memoized.
```

`use_callback` is similar to [`use_memo`](./use_memo.md), but for functions instead of values. Use `use_callback` when you need to memoize a callback function that relies on reference equality to prevent unnecessary re-renders.

## Recommendations

Recommendations for memoizing callback functions:

> 1. **Use memoization when callbacks passed into expensive effects**: If the callback is being passed into an expensive `use_effect` or `use_memo` call, `use_callback` so that it maintains referential equality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Use memoization when callbacks are passed into expensive effects**: If the callback is being passed into an expensive `use_effect` or `use_memo` call, use `use_callback` so that it maintains referential equality.
```

or 
```suggestion
1. **Use memoization when callbacks are passed into expensive effects**: If the callback is being passed into an expensive `use_effect` or `use_memo` call, `use_callback` will maintain referential equality.
```

> 2. **Use dependencies**: Pass in only the dependencies that the memoized callback relies on. If any of the dependencies change, the memoized callback will be re-computed.

Reviewer: The recommendations are always under the first example, which is the case here.
